If you have a function that is a chain...
That is, the top function runs functions which run other functions all the way to the bottom and then it comes back up,...
and every function has a special purpose and is supposed to do a particular job.

Let's say that you want to change your program at a specific point.

In fact, you want to write a new function with a different name to be called at some point in the program instead of another function.
It takes the same parameters, but does things in a way you like better. (returning something better than what the previous function did)
You also don't want to edit the old functions because they were working.
Can you 

The top function needs to know all the functions that are being run below it, otherwise you have to change st all your functions.

Why?

If each function only knows the functions that it calls, in order to change what function it calls, it has to be edited.

So the function that calls your new function either has to be edited, or you can keep the old
...


HOld on... here's the real lesson.

If you're building a chain program it should be like:

def foo(thing):
    thisIsMyFucntionImUsing = func #note that this can be changed programmatically super easy!
    func(thing)
    
That way if you want to change something somewhere down the chain, you can just edit the function call without problem.
And that function should NOT be passed as a parameter, because otherwise the function above it determines what functions it calls.
(If all the functions are passed from the top, the top needs to know all the functions that are run and it looks like a jumble
and is actually harder to understand and change and get what's going on.)

Another way it could be set up is to have all the ones you want it to run as the default function,...
and then just pass in the ones that change later on.

I think functions that are supposed to be open for people to use should include the functions that they call. Maybe.
What's the point of having a function that's open to a programmer user?
The programmer just wants a job done, but also wants to have some say in how it's done.
So if you want to give them the freedom to choose how it's done, then you can give them parameters.